Update constraints.md (#6053)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/constraints.md

- `name` (optional): Human-friendly name for this constraint. Supported by some data platforms.
- `columns` (model-level only): List of column names to apply the constraint over

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.8">

> When using `foreign_key`, you need to manually specify the schema of the referenced table. Use `{{ target.schema }}` in the `expression` field to automatically pass the schema used by the target environment. Note that versions of dbt will have more efficient ways of handling this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `foreign_key`, you need to specify the referenced table's schema manually. Use `{{ target.schema }}` in the `expression` field to automatically pass the schema used by the target environment. Note that later versions of dbt will have more efficient ways of handling this. 
```

- `name` (optional): Human-friendly name for this constraint. Supported by some data platforms.
- `columns` (model-level only): List of column names to apply the constraint over

> When using `foreign_key`, the schema of the relation being referenced needs to be set explicitly. You can use `{{ target.schema }}` to let dbt pass the schema used by the target being used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.8">

When using `foreign_key`, you need to manually specify the schema of the referenced table. Use `{{ target.schema }}` in the `expression` field to automatically pass the schema used by the target environment. Note that versions of dbt will have more efficient ways of handling this. 

For example: `expression: "{{ target.schema }}.customers(customer_id)"`

</VersionBlock>
```
